# Participants
* Thomas Holm Rod THR (ESS)
* Sanghamitra Mukhopadhyay SM (STFC)
* Paolo Mutti PO (ILL)
* Anders Markvardsen AM (STFC)
* Markus Janousch MJ (PSI)
* Cosmina Somani CS (ESS)
* Ashton Alun AA (PSI)
* Fredrik Bolmsten FB (ESS)


# Agenda

1. Benchmarking data requested by LENS management
2. Organization of workshops and summer schools, particularly for data analysis.
3. How often should WG4 meet?


# Summary

# Benchmarking data requested by LENS management

LENS management has asked WG4 to provide benchmarking data. SM and MG signed up for this, as they may have data that if enriched, could be used for this purpose.

SM will be looking into the data that she has and will get in contact with MG. 

SM will report back on this at the next meeting.

# Organization of workshops and summer schools, particularly for data analysis

At the last meeting it has been agreed that venues should be discussed.

AM presented the agenda for the data analysis workshop which was supposed to be held before COVID. Agenda has been shared with THR after the meeting. 

**Questions that have been raised:**

**1. Should ISIS host the workshop?**
      
THR mentioned that ESS, ILL and PSI have already hosted.

**2. What is the purpose of the workshop? What will we gain from it?**
   
THR mentioned that the purpose would be to share knowledge about data analysis and the developing of data analysis.

PM considered that the agenda does not clearly indicate that we are talking about data analysis, but that it focuses more on FAIR data.

MJ noted that defining the purpose of the workshop, will help determine the breakout sessions that we want for the agenda.

**3. When should the workshop be?**
   
It has been discussed that it should take place after the summer of 2024 and that the advertising should start half a year in advance.

It has been suggested to held it in September.

Will this interfere with NOBUGS? The NOBUGS conference will be held from the 23rd to the 27th of September 2024. https://indico.esrf.fr/event/114/

Suggested alternative: a one-day meeting so it does not interfere with NOBUGS 

**4. How will the workshop be financed?**
   
AM will check what has been discussed before COVID and if ISIS can finance some of it. 

**5. What is the aim of this workshop compared with NOBUGS?**

It has been suggested to check the conference topics that will be covered at NOBUGS.

**6.	Would it be possible to use a room at ILL?**

PM mentioned that it depends on the number of people.

**7.	Should it be a hybrid or an on-site workshop?**
    
THR, AM and PM suggested to hold it on-site, depending on the number of people and the location.

**8.	Who should organize the workshop (the subgroup or WG4)?**
   
**9.	Could it be done as an extension to the NOBUGS conference?**

PM will find out if this is possible. 

**10.	Would this be a workshop for both photons and neutrons?**

PM suggested that it should be only about neutrons. 


# How often should WG4 meet?

At the last meeting it has been suggested to meet either every 4 week or every 2 months.

It has been mentioned that if we want to organize the workshop, then we need to meet at least once a month.

It has been agreed to have the next meeting on the 15th of January, from 15:00 to 16:00. CS will send a calendar invite.

Afterwards, we will meet every 2nd Monday of the month. CS will send a reoccurrence calendar invite. 


# To be discussed at the next meeting

1. Benchmarking data requested by LENS management
2. Organization of workshops for data analysis
* Purpose
* Venues
* Dates
* Financing
* Organizing committee (the subgroup or WG4)?




