# Participants
* Thomas Holm Rod THR (ESS)
* Fredrik Bolmsten FB (ESS) 
* Anders Markvardsen AM (ISIS)
* Markus Janousch MJ (PSI)
* Cosmina Somani CS (ESS)


# Agenda

1. Update from LENS 5 years anniversary meeting
2. Benchmarking data requested by LENS management
3. What should we use as collaboration space? GitHub? Google? Confluence? Hackmd? Trello? Other?
4. Proposals for OSCARS
5. Information about LEAPS-IT interest groups (SIGs)
6. Organization of workshops and summer schools
7. Updates from members


# Summary 

# Update from LENS 5 years anniversary meeting

THR has presented a list of successes at the LENS 5 years anniversary celebration meeting in Lund on September 12th. The presentation was well received.

# Benchmarking data requested by LENS management

At the last meeting, LENS management has asked WG4 to provide benchmarking data. SM and MG signed up for this at the last meeting, as they may have data that if enriched, could be used for this purpose. SM and MG were not present at this meeting therefore, there are no updates 

Other things that have been discussed: 
-	Open data and relevance for AI
-	OSCAR session – potential ideas that could be applied 

No conclusion has been drawn. Therefore, the question should be kept on the agenda. THR suggested that a WG specific on this question needs to be set-up.

# What should we use as collaboration space?

THR suggested GitHub and the members present at the meeting agreed. The LENS members need to send their user names to either THR or CS. 

# Proposals for OSCARS

At the last meeting, Andy gave a presentation about OSCARS. First call will be in March 2024, followed by one in November 2024.

UK and Switzerland can presumably apply for funding.

THR encouraged ISIS and PSI to apply for funding to make their data more FAIR and linked to the federated data search page https://data.panosc.eu. 

AM will get in contact with the right person at ISIS for this.

# Information about LEAPS-IT interest groups (SIGs)

THR encouraged to join if interested. More information can be found at this webpage https://leaps-wg3.desy.de/ 

# Organization of workshops and summer schools 

The question “should we do these workshops?” has been raised. 

AM was in charge of organizing a workshop but then COVID hit. He will share the agenda which was put together at that time. He suggested that the workshops should be set-up well in advance so it could fit everyone’s calendar. He suggested after summer of 2024 for the next one. It may be possible to have it already before. It has been agreed that for next meeting venues should be discussed. 
THR mentioned that there are no workshops for data analysis and therefore he encourages for this one to happen. 

It has been mentioned that ILL will host the next MDANSE Summer School and that it will be organized by Miguel Gonzalez. 

It has been mentioned that there will be an AI workshop in Munich, in Spring, titled Machine Learning Conference for X-Ray and Neutron-Based Experiments (https://indico.frm2.tum.de/event/451/).

THR mentioned the ESS DMSC Summer School about the ESS software stack and FAIR data which was held in Copenhagen and Lund in September. The Summer School was a success given that the feedback from the participants was extremely positive and that the event itself was 300% oversubscribed. 

#  Updates from members 

PSI has a new logo.

STFC will have a new director for the Ada Lovelace Centre starting 1st of December.

ESS has the Steady State Operations (SSO) budget review next week, having as scope planning and budgeting for DMSC in SSO in 2028. DMSC proposes to support the ESS science program with 60 staff members ongoing.

DMSC office will relocate to The Technical University of Denmark (DTU) as per 1st of April 2024.

# Other things that have been discussed

How often should LENS WG4 meet?

THR suggested to have meetings every 4 weeks, in order to align with the LEAPS working groups. AM suggested to have the meetings every 2 months so more people would be able to join 

For now, it has been agreed to have the next meeting in the beginning of December. CS will send out a doodle.

# To be discussed at the next meeting

1.	Benchmarking data requested by LENS management
2.	Organization of workshops and summer schools, particularly for data analysis.
3.	How often should WG4 meet?






