# Participants:

* Anders Markvardsen (AM) – STFC
* Paolo Mutti (PM) – ILL
* Thomas Holm Rod (THR) – ESS
* Marina Ganeva (MG) – MLZ
* Fredrik Bolmsten (FB) – ESS


# Discussions:

# PM (Paolo Mutti)
- Suggested starting AI-related activities by combining individual data (experimental and simulation) to reach a critical mass.
- Highlighted the endless format discussion without a conclusion, and suggested just uploading all available data for later transformation.
- Suggested to upload all available data, as the format can be adjusted later.
- Suggested giving the team a month to start filling up the 50 GB disk space and emphasized the need for clear actions between meetings.
- Confirmed that nobody else from ILL besides PM will be uploading data for now. Proposed to keep data sharing within the group for the time being.

# AM (Anders Markvardsen)
- Tried uploading a dataset, and asked for clarification on the "contact person" role mentioned by MG (whether it refers to someone available for a certain period).
- Asked whether it was necessary for the data to have already been published.
- Inquired whether MG receives notifications when data is uploaded, and how she would know who uploaded it.

# MG (Marina Ganeva)
- Mentioned that since no data has been uploaded yet, it's unclear how notifications will work.
- Confirmed that data uploads are anonymous, so it’s important to note who the data is from or which institution it belongs to.
- MG will test the system by uploading her post-doc data.
- Can provide a password-protected link for upload

# THR (Thomas Holm Rod)
- Agreed to focus on SANS and Reflectometry at this stage.
- Raised the idea of reaching out to the reflectometry community, but MG advised against it due to potential bureaucracy.
- Noted that the biggest request at ESS is currently from the diffraction community.

---

# Action Points

- **MG** to upload her post-doc data to test the system.
- **PM** suggested setting a target of one month for the team to start filling the 50 GB disk space with data.
- The group will focus on SANS and Reflectometry, and keep further outreach within the team for now.

---

# Next Meeting

- The next meeting is moved from **11th Nov** to **12th Nov**, 15:00–16:00.
